# Rhino and Grasshopper 3D Model and Code for Acoustic Simulation Files

This folder contains a Rhino and Grasshopper 3D model along with code files for acoustic simulation.
Contents

    model.3dm: Rhino 3D model file.
    simulation.gh: Grasshopper code file for acoustic simulation.
    acoustic_simulation.py: Python script for processing acoustic simulation data.
    README.md: This file, providing an overview of the contents of this folder.

# Description

The model.3dm file contains a 3D model of a room, which has been set up for acoustic simulation. The simulation.gh file contains the Grasshopper code used to run the acoustic simulation, which generates data in the form of an output file.

The acoustic_simulation.py script processes the data generated by the Grasshopper simulation and outputs various statistics and graphs that can be used to analyze the acoustic properties of the room.
Usage

To use this model and simulation files, follow these steps:

    Open the model.3dm file in Rhino.
    Open the simulation.gh file in Grasshopper.
    Configure the Grasshopper simulation parameters as required.
    Run the simulation by clicking the "Run" button in Grasshopper.
    Once the simulation is complete, the output data will be written to a file specified in the Grasshopper code.
    Run the acoustic_simulation.py script to process the output data and generate graphs and statistics.

# Requirements

To use this model and simulation files, you will need the following software:

    Rhino 3D modeling software.
    Grasshopper plugin for Rhino.
    Python 3.x with the following packages: numpy, pandas, matplotlib.
